Hi students, Jennifer here.
I'm going to guide you through the solutions videos
for the Linear Algebra Essentials Labs.
This is the solutions video for the Vector Lab,
covering multiplying a vector by a scalar and plotting the results.
First, we need to replace none with the definition of
vector av by multiplying vector v by scalar a.
Here, we've coded av equals a times v,
and then mark this task is done.
Next, we need to add vector av to the plot as a dotted cyan arrow.
We'll copy the arrow statement from vector v and place it down here.
Then, we'll change vector v to vector av,
color equals b to color equals c. Then,
we'll add line style equals dotted.
This will add vector av to our plot so that what we
have here will then look like the solution that we see here.
Next, we click on the "Save" icon to save our work.
Then, we select Kernel,
Restart and Run All to run
the code in all the cells to visualize the changes we've made to the plot.
Finally, we compare our plot to the solution.
And we see that we've coded everything correctly.
This completes the section of the lab.